1. What are the four elements that define the basic structure of an HTML page? 
doctype header body html

2. What is the best way to apply CSS rules to HTML elements that occur in several different pages?
(   )Option 1: Include all rules for each element in the <style> attribute of the element.
(   )Option 2: Include the rules for each page in a <style> element in the <head> element.
(   )Option 3: Write the rules for the whole site in one or more style sheets and reference them by using a <style> element in the <head> element of each page.
( X )Option 4: Write the rules for the whole site in one or more style sheets and reference them by using a <link> element in the <head> element of each page.
(   )Option 5: Write the rules for the whole site in one or more style sheets and reference them by using a <stylesheet> element in the <head> element of each page.

3. What are the new elements that HTML5 provides for specifying the semantic meaning of content in a web page?
header footer article section nav aside optgroup 

4. Which of the following items is NOT a property of the CSS box model?
(   )Option 1: Margin
(   )Option 2: Content
(   )Option 3: Border
( X )Option 4: Style
(   )Option 5: Padding

5. All variables in JavaScript are strongly typed, and you must specify the type of a variable when you create it. True or False?
( X )False
(   )True

6. What is the purpose of the DOM?
easily iterate through the structure of your html
for events
to alter your model

7. Which jQuery function indicates that the contents for a page have been loaded into the browser?
(   )Option 1: loaded
(   )Option 2: available
(   )Option 3: $
( X )Option 4: ready
(   )Option 5: bind

8. If you define a field with an HTML5 input type that is not supported by the user's browser, the field does not appear on the form when the browser displays it. True or False?
( X )False
(   )True

9. If you perform validation in the browser, is it necessary to perform the same validation checks in the server code that processes the data, or is this additional processing redundant?
do it server side!

10. You should always use the input event to validate data that a user enters into a field, in preference to the submit event of the form. True or False? 
( X )False
( X )True

11. In the onreadystatechanged event handler for the XMLHttpRequest object, which property should you examine to ensure that data has been returned, and what value should this property contain?
(   )Option 1: The readyState property should be set to 0.
(   )Option 2: The responseText property should be set to a non-null value.
( X )Option 3: The readyState property should be set to 4.
(   )Option 4: The status property should be set to 200 (HTTP OK).
(   )Option 5: The HTTPResponse property should be set to 0.

12. If you use the jQuery get() function to retrieve data and you do not specify an error handling function, any failures while retrieving the data will cause your JavaScript code to stop with an unhandled exception. True or False? 
( X )False
(   )True

13. Which CSS rule can you use to download a font required by a web page?
(   )Option 1: @font-family
(   )Option 2: @font-style
(   )Option 3: @font-face
(   )Option 4: @font
(   )Option 5: You cannot download fonts by using CSS.

14. What are the main differences between the CSS box model, flex-box, and multi-column layout?


15. How do you select the first item in a list so that you can apply styling to it?

16. How can you guard against name clashes in JavaScript?

17. If you modify the prototype object for a constructor function, the changes are only visible to new objects that you create by using that constructor function; existing objects created by using the constructor function will be unaffected. True or False?
(   )False
(   )True

18. Which of the following statements is true?
(   )Option 1: JavaScript uses the public, private, and protected keywords to implement encapsulation.
(   )Option 2: JavaScript does not support encapsulation.
(   )Option 3: JavaScript uses closures to achieve encapsulation.
(   )Option 4: JavaScript uses prototype chaining to achieve encapsulation.
(   )Option 5: JavaScript uses the Object.create() function to implement encapsulation

19. What methods are provided by the FileReader interface for reading files on the local file system?

20. HTML5 browsers are guaranteed to support the .mp4 video format. True or false?
(   )False
(   )True

21. What methods are provided by the navigator.geolocation object for obtaining geolocation information?

22. The F12 Developer Tools require that you have Visual Studio installed on your computer before you can use them to debug JavaScript code. True or False?
(   )False
(   )True

23. What are the primary differences between data retained on a user's device by using session storage and by using local storage?

24. You configure a web page to use the application cache to cache a resource locally. If the resource is modified at the web server, then the browser automatically downloads the latest version. True or false?
(   )False
(   )True

25. What are the main device characteristics used by media queries to detect whether a client device is a hand-held tablet?

26. How can you style content to adapt to the type and form factor of the device on which a user is viewing your web site?

27. Which of the following statements about SVG is false?
(   )Option 1: You can use SVG to draw complex shapes, and fill them with gradients and patterns.
(   )Option 2: SVG elements are parsed by the browser when the page is first loaded, and they are then discarded from memory.
(   )Option 3: You can create SVG elements dynamically by using DOM functions such as document.createElement().
(   )Option 4: You can handle events on SVG elements.
(   )Option 5: SVG elements must be enclosed in an <svg> container element on a web page.

28. When might you consider using the Canvas API instead of using SVG?

29. What happens if you do not set the transition-duration property of a CSS transition?

30. Which of the following operations can you NOT perform by using a CSS transformation?
(   )Option 1: Rotate
(   )Option 2: Translate
(   )Option 3: Animate
(   )Option 4: Scale
(   )Option 5: Skew

31. What are the steps for implementing a keyframe animation?

32. Web socket clients send and receive data over an HTTP connection. True or False?
(   )False
(   )True

33. How does a client create a connection to a web socket server?
(   )Option 1: The client uses the open() function of the WebSocket object and specifies the URL of the server.
(   )Option 2: The client uses the connect() function of the WebSocket object and specifies the URL of the server.
(   )Option 3: Web sockets use a stateless protocol similar to HTTP. A client application simply specifies the address of the server as a parameter of the send() function of the WebSocket object. A connection is automatically established while the message is sent and then closed.
(   )Option 4: The client creates a new WebSocket object and specifies the URL of the server.
(   )Option 5: The client has to wait until the server responds to send a message that grants it permission to connect.

34. Shared web workers can share data in the DOM of a web page, but dedicated web workers cannot. True or false?
(   )False
(   )True

35. How does a web page communicate with a web worker?

